Add RBAC to docs + move keycloak to optional (#562)
NVIDIA/OSMO: docs/deployment_guide/appendix/authentication/authentication_flow.rst

  SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

.. _authentication_flow:

================================================
Authentication Flow
================================================

> This guide describes how authentication and authorization work in OSMO: how users and scripts prove who they are and how OSMO decides what they can do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide describes how authentication and authorization work in OSMO: how users and service accounts prove their identity and how OSMO determines what they are allowed to do.
```
